hello yesterday it was like a wildfire
through the internet hardware in windows
10 not even on the market and
you already have a keylogger
So captured what is it about the
history
Windows 10 is currently in the sun
mentioned technical preview appeared
let developers look at it
can if there are any
There may be difficulties then
to customize your own program
that's what makes microsoft last forever
microsoft also knows that the new one
windows loaded from end users down
will just want to look
just want to test
so far it is understandable that
microsoft itself wants to learn too
to make the program better in the end
The question is now how far does it go?
Microsoft
now who downloads windows 10 down
takes loud microsoft at the so-called
insider program part link of course also
again in the description I have
already called here and get there
here is the information windows insider
there is a program in this program
basically several programs but
also windows 10
and what information microsoft
our use wins if one experiences
we scroll down a bit
if you go here on the
privacy policy clicks the link
may be a bit hidden now
no idea if that should be the intention
here
in our privacy policy
Learn how we get information about you
your installation and so on for the
preview for improvements and so on
use
So just click on it
and looked purely here you get
first, of course, again
obvious purpose and explained
Although it is about what information
we send to microsoft or microsoft
then get read from our plate
We will then capture data here
when you purchase the program
install and use collects
microsoft informations about you her
appliances applications and networks as well
about your use of these devices
applications and networks
Examples of collected data name
e-mail address settings and
interests browser search and file
History data to call and sms devices
configuration and sensor data and
application usage
then four examples follow that
quite well illustrate the first one
I skip right because that is
not very meaningful it continues
with second example if you
for example, language input features
How to collect text to use language
Microsoft might talk
information and uses this under
to improve the
speech processing
For example, if you have a file
Open collects microsoft information
to open this file
file applications used as well as
duration of the opening process and uses
Among other things, to improve the
performance or when, for example
typing a text captures microsoft
possibly entered characters and
uses them among other things to improve
from features like auto complete
and the spelling checker
and that's not enough
below learn who the program contains
features enabled for the internet
performance and usage information
microsoft broadcast
to the performance and usage data
cells information on performance and
reliability of the program
for example, the reaction time of
programs when clicking on a
button or to the number of im
connection with the program
occurring problems and performance
usage data includes moreover
information on your use of the
programs such as those of them on
commonly used features and the
Frequency with which you start programs
performance and usage data can with
Help with cookies or similar
technologies and so on
on and on
that means summarized so
windows can capture the language
windows can handle any keypad
capture and also mouse click each
we can do that somehow
switch off as we read below
many feature the data to microsoft
Submit will be activated automatically
they may not have the
possibility of data transfer for
certain features in the program too
disable the transfer of all
you have to quit the program
on all devices completely
uninstall
possibly the operating system needs to be
your device will be reinstalled
So rather a no if we have one
single application as an insider test
we may even need ours
completely reinstall windows because
This may not be the case with the version
In any case, switch off properly
assumes no guarantee for Microsoft
So there's a keylogger in there
is probably more of a loose in it all
not only keyboard but also the mouse
and the language the whole pack as
the wet dream of everyone
interior minister in germany we come
to the question if the whole is allowed
Well, the question is probably more likely
the question at all because what uses
if it is not allowed microsoft
But it still makes you good
assume that the user the
corresponding data protection regulations
Read the practice, however, rather
shown that the whole hardly anyone
by reading
so far in Germany is more likely the
principle that such regulation at all
only valid if they receive the
User also I say right now
were made known and so that
he just saw her a little
hidden link does not fall now
but underneath it but what good is it on
The end is a reproach to microsoft
Another question is
understandable that microsoft know
wants to work like the operating system
but if you want a keylogger
must use my possibly
passwords with intervenes when I do
for example, an e-mail application
start or my emails in the firefox
check well microsoft said that one
Windows 10 not in productive environment
should use
This automatically means that you can
should not do because you just watched
will be good question on which we do not
To get an answer
thus, only one question remains
open and thus actually only one
great hope
if microsoft gives itself such a hardship
to equip an operating system such that
every mouse click and every keystroke
can be overheard
You can only hope for that
that the functions at delivery of
All windows 10 are turned off and on
can not be turned on again
but we all know something about that
hope happens now you know now
in any case, and can
Make sure you have windows 10 only
to use for testing and not necessarily
enter your passwords there
OK